Query 1

Description - Create a table showing a rise in both coin A and stock B during a one day period.

Transformation - We will have to transform the coin table into 24 hour values rather than 1 hour values in order to 
compare to the stock table, subquery the listing of when the stock value rose, and query the listing of where the coin value rose. 


Query 2

Description - Create tables showing the monthly averages of each crypto and stock respectively.

Transformation - We will have to average out the key values of each crypto/stock, grouping by month, and order them by date
for visibility. 


Query 3

Description - Create tables showing time periods where cryptocurrency increased in value and stocks were dropping and value,
or vice versa.

Transformation - The coins/stocks will have to be categorized as either increasing or decreasing, one of the two values will 
have to be subqueried and used as a point of comparison, and the two will finally be paired up, excluding times which don't
match the criteria. 


Query 4

Description -  Create tables showing a decline in cryptocurrency A and an increase in stock B.

Transformation - Similar to query 1, we'll have to transform the crypto table to 24 hour values, subquery the stock value,
and compare the open/close values to see which dates match the criteria. 


Query 5

Description - Create tables showing which economic indicators coincide with periods of growth in cryptocurrency, but
a drop in stocks.

Transformation - Crypto values will have to, again, be converted to 24 hour values and must be paired up with 
the respective timely economic indicator. Indicators showing significant coincidence, at least greater than the average,
will be noted. Comparisons between open/close values will be the primary indicators of growth/loss for each coin/stock.


Query 6

Description - Create tables showing which economic indicators coincide with periods of decline in cryptocurrency, but
an increase in stocks.

Transformation - Similar to the above, but in reverse. This is expected to be more common than the results of query 5.

Description - Create tabbles showing which economic indicators coincide with periods of 